Huawei Y9 2018 - FLA-LX1

Should Supports all Huawei Y9 2018 variants but tested on FLA-LX1

This repository contains tools and method  to flash GSI images larger than the system partition.

This can be used with other Hisilicon Kirin 659 devices but with caution, resizing the partitions must match your device layout.

Tools needed:
1. ADB/fastboot - (Ensure driver is installed)

2. `parted` and `mkfs.ext4` - `tools` folder 

3. TWRP recovery - `recoveries` folder

4. Unlocked bootloader - (PotatoNv tool) - https://github.com/mashed-potatoes/PotatoNV

5. Official firmware matching your android version and CUST version. e.g FLA-LX1(C185) - 
    https://androidhost.ru/search.html or https://ministryofsolutions.com/






Be ready to lose your personal data - (Music, Videos etc)

Guide:

1. Unlock bootloader with `PotatoNv`

2. Extract your firmware zip files then extract `UPDATE.app` with splituapp. Also extract the firmware update with `splituapp`
    e.g `python splituapp -f UPDATE.app` and `python splituapp -f update_FLA-L21_hw_meafnaf.app`. You will have your firmware images e.g `system.img` inside the `output` folder. Note: `erecovery_ramdisk` might be saved as `erecovery_ramdis.img` so take note when flashing.

3. Flash TWRP image inside the `recoveries` folder e.g 
    `fastboot flash erecovery_ramdisk twrp_p10_lite_0.4.img`
    `fastboot reboot` 

4. Reboot to TWRP. Press up button while the phone is booting.

5. Push `parted` to `sbin` - Open `tools` folder and follow instructions

6. Resize system by following the instructions inside `resize-system` folder

7. Reflash resized partitions with corresponding images. E.g `fastboot flash system system.img`. Images are located in the `output` folder generated by `splituapp`. Follow the order of partitions inside `parted-info` directory




Info:
1. Boot to fastboot - Switch off device, hold Volume Down and plug usb
2. Boot to recovery - Unplug and swith off device. Volume Up and Power Button 
3. Boot to erecovery - Switch of device. Turn on device then press volume up for three seconds when prompted.


If you flash TWRP to `erecovery_ramdisk` then you will boot to it via `Boot to erecovery`.
If you flash TWRP to `recovery_ramdisk` then you will boot to it via `Boot to recovery`.